1
BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
BISAN  erp  TRADE & INDUSTRY
      
      
     
     
    
    
     
      
 
Bisan Systems Ltd.
Batn El Hawa Street
P. O. Box 530
Ramallah, PalestineTel: +970 2 298 5941
Fax +970 2 298 5942Jerusalem: +972 2 627 7196
Jawwal: +970 599 677 904
Ooredoo: +970 562 900 020
Jordan: +960 6 400 8017USA: +1 617 902 2261
whatsapp +970599677904
info@bisan.comA r e l i a b l e & c o m p r e h e n s i v e y e t s c a l a b l e E R P
s o l u t i o n f o r s m a l l , m e d i u m & l a r g e s i z e d
e n t e r p r i s e s ; s e r v i c i n g a w i d e r a n g e o f
b u s i n e s s s e c t o r s f r o m s e r v i c e o r i e n t e d t o
l a r g e i n d u s t r i a l e s t a b l i s h m e n t s . B i s a n E R P
o f f e r s c u s t o m i z e d m o d u l e s f o r v e r t i c a l
s e c t o r s . T h u s , p r o v i d i n g t h e u l t i m a t e s o l u t i o n
f o r y o u r d a i l y b u s i n e s s a c t i v i t i e s a n y t i m e &
a
 n y w h e r e .
2
BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
O U R  PU R PO SE
wherever we go,
we improve 
management
decision making.why bisan?
bisan erp general Features
bisan ERP Financial functions
Cybersecurity & Access Rights
a glimpse at our partners
Pro Vs. Lite ComparisonFinancial Management
Sales & Marketing Management
Purchases, Inventory & Warehouse Management
bisan erp Modules
Financial Budget
Sales Budget
Branch Management
Large Dealership
Workflow & Electronic Transaction Approval
Fixed Assets Management
Production Management
Campaigns & Loyalty
Payroll & Attendance
Human Resources Management & HR Portal
Online/Offline Point of Sale (POS)
Mobile Sales Application with Catalog View
Leasing
Fuel Station Management
Management of Crushers & Ready-mix Projects
Car Rental
Service Center
W W W . B I S A N . C O M
3
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
35+ years of Excellence 
Why Bisan?
12,000A fully integrated ERP solution serving the current and future needs of various sectors.
Using Bisan Solutions
International Market
Presence
 Fast and Comprehensive
Implementation Available Anytime…
Anywhere
Licensed in Many
Countries
365 Days Support
AvailabilityZero Investment
in Hardware
An ERP Specifically
Designed to Meet
Today‘s ChallengesContinuous Upgrades
at No Additional CostCloud Application
Available in Eight
LanguagesA Modular Seamlessly
Integrated System with a
Single Point of Entry
Redundant SitesAdaptable to your
own Business and
Industry Needs
Optimized Decision Making ReliableMulti-layer Security100% Secure Access to
Real Time Information+
http://www.aicpa.org/soc4so
4
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Bisan ERP General Features
Bisan ERP is continuously upgraded with enhancements and new
features to improve efficiency and provide higher accuracy.
5
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
   
     
    
      
   
     
     
       
      
           
    
     
     
    
   
   
    
     
    
     
     
   
    
  
Truly Multilingual system
A unique multilingual implementation
providing the user the option to
switch between desired languages at
any given time during a session. An
enhanced capability that allows
entering sales vouchers in a certain
language and printing it in another.
 
       
      
      
       
      
     cloud erp
The main screen is designed to clearly
differentiate the application from the
browser. The system supports all internet
and intranet functionalities. The system is
accessible from any internet connection,
providing high data security.
User-friendly
The
 system provides user-friendly  menus
and graphics, a capability  to hide, show
and move columns around to customize
screens per user.
 The menus and windows
are  designed in groups that deal with
different cycles of accounting  and
management titles.Split views
A
 feature to split the view to multiple
screens of the open tabs of files,
transactions or reports in the system.
6
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
A complete drill down functionality
showing all details of each
transaction on every report.
Capability to filter tables by
excluding or including any criteria.A tool to record recurring
transactions for higher
efficiency and productivity.
Capability to send automated SMS notifications
directly from the system per set configurable
criteria for the accounts payable, accounts
receivable,
balances.transactions and customerFiltering Capabilitiesdrill down functionality
SMS INtegrationMacro recorder
Keyboard Accessibility 
All functionality in Bisan ERP can be
accessed using the keyboard alone,
without relying on a mouse or
touchpad. In addition to
customizable shortcuts per each
user's preference for increased
efficiency.

7
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
        
     
         
     
     
    
      
        
      
      
      
      
      
         
       
       
    
    
Advanced search functionality
A
 unique detailed search mechanism which enables
search in any given database, regardless of its size
by searching through keywords or any other
requested field. The search utilizes the Soundex
algorithm that is especially handy for Arabic
keyword searches.Data import
Capability to import tables and lists
from Excel, XML & Text with the
appropriate account mapping and
fields.Reports Export
Capability to export all generated reports to
Excel,
 JSON, XML, Text and HTML files, which
can be opened by any other spreadsheet or
word processing software.Fully integrated modules
The package is fully integrated where all the data
is entered through conventional vouchers directly
on the screen. The system will eliminate the use of
all paperwork whereby all transactions are
entered once and automatically posted to
corresponding modules, accounts and files.
8
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
     
    
   
           
      
      
      
     
User-defined HTML bank transfer
forms printed directly from the
payment vouchers.     
     
   
 
    
    
      
       
Bank transfer forms  
   Ability to attach any file type with the related
record or voucher, such as attaching purchase
or expense invoices with related payment or
journal
 voucher or attaching item picture with
item file or for catalog view.Document attachment Integration with peripherals
Full
 integration with peripherals such as
check readers and scanners, bar code
readers, scales, document scanners
and
 others.
Barcode Reading & Printing
Integration
 with barcode readers for
easy inventory taking and adding
items in an invoice, in addition, to
direct barcode printing for labels.Multiple
 Year Reporting
A full reporting capability per different
periods and years allowing for
multiple
 years reporting, overlapping
years and cumulative periods.
9
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
      
     
           
     
       
       
      
     
      
  
     
  
    
           
    
    
  
  
     Email integration
Full integration with email systems, where
single vouchers, such as purchase orders,
invoices or receipts, could be sent. Also, bulk
actions, such as pay slips or statements of
accounts, are sent in PDF format as
attachments to the e-mail and all
transactions are logged and stored in the
system for review.QR code for delivery location
The ability to print a QR code on store
issues and invoices indicating the
contact’s location for accurate and
error free delivery.
Customized
 views
User customized views for all tables, to
set preferences for certain criteria and
they can be saved for future retrieval.User preferences
An ability to define each user’s
language preference, setting
default fields in transactions and
customized
 views for tables.
10
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
    
     
            
      
        
    
     
      
       
     
  
     
     
     
     
     
     
  Record Cloning
T o a c c e l e r a t e t h e d a t a e n t r y a n d t o s a v e
t i m e a n d e f f o r t , y o u c a n c l o n e a n y
r e c o r d a v a i l a b l e , w h e t h e r i t i s a f i l e o r a
v o u c h e r . T h u s , p r o v i d i n g a p o w e r f u l
f e a t u r e f o r u s i n g a n y a v a i l a b l e v o u c h e r
a s a t e m p l a t e , r a t h e r t h a n b u i l d i n g a
s e p a r a t e t e m p l a t e p e r v o u c h e r .Multiple users Definition
Multiple users are each defined
with assigned access rights up to
the field level.
Contact Language Preference
Regardless of the default language the
user is working with, a language
preference for each contact may be
defined; for sending invoices and SMS
messages in a preferred different
language.Check
 Reading & Printing
Fully user-defined easy-to-use setup per
bank account for check dimensions and
available fields for any check format.
11
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
The system allows the user to open
different menus and tables at the same
time, to add new records and modify
existing ones without having to interrupt
the transaction you are working on.  
The system provides consistent use of function
keys and icons that are clearly defined. In
addition, it provides a customized definition of
shortcuts and icons per user.A dashboard including various
widgets for easy reading of data
and reports in the system.
A feature to automatically generate
customizable alerts from the system.
These alerts include SMS messages,
email notifications or pop-up messages
on the screen.Multi-tab Interface
Customizing User Shortcuts & IconsDashboard & Widgets
Notification Alerts         
   
     
       
     
Customizable Tables and Files
Customizable tables and files as per your
terminology and internal processes
through adding certain fields to existing
tables and files with the option to change
suggested labels and titles for fields.
12
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
 
       
     
      
     
  
     
     
    
      
       
   
    
      
     
       
     
      
     
    
       
     
      
     
   
      
   
    
    
     
     
    
      
   
     
     
    
      
 Full audit trail
Every
 change in the system is audited on
the field level, giving authorized users
access to view all historical changes of
any piece of data with who/what/where/
and when information.Segmented accounts
According to the type of your institution,
whether manufacturing or service
oriented, you could tailor segmented
accounts to cope with management
requirements.
API
 Data exchange
A
 capability to integrate with third
party systems by utilizing the API
data exchange module, thus, saving
time and effort in data entry and
ensuring accuracy.
13
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
   bisan erp Modules 
14
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
General Ledger (GL)
Accounts Receivable & Accounts Payable
A fully real time integrated module with the GL. It includes
multi-currency accounts management with consolidated
reports; for easy accurate comprehensive view for all
customers and vendors balances, in addition, to detailed
transactions with full analysis of your customers’ and
supplier’s activities such as aging, periodic collections
and maximum credit reports.A flexible chart of accounts with a multi-level file structure
and multi-level segments; capturing all vouchers and
financial transactions and providing flexible reporting
capabilities for any specified period, including detailed
information and a drill down functionality. A double-entry
voucher system that is fully integrated to maintain all your
financial entries in an accounting ledger.financial management
15
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Providing grouping on any set of files, whether
general ledger accounts, A/R, A/P, assets or cost
centers to simplify data entry and provide flexible
comprehensive reporting options.
User-defined properties when extracting the
financial reports for valuation handling, reporting
pending inventory in store issues and store receipt
vouchers.
Multi-level VAT rate definition that is fully integrated
with vouchers; giving a fully automated calculation
and management for taxable transactions and
providing full reporting and VAT settlement
processing, including detailed invoice bank report.Multi-level File Structure
VAT Settlement & Invoice BankPending Inventory Handling & Reporting
16
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Comprehensive financial reports for any period of time
including (DD-MM-YY TO DD-MM-YY), giving flexibility for
cross period and multiyear reporting, in addition, to
providing currency translation for extracting the reports in
any desired currency defined in the system.
Management for multiple bank accounts and multiple
currencies, full management and tracking for received and
issued checks and bank transfers with full details, including
due dates and endorsed checks. This provides an easy
automated bank reconciliation process, a cash flow
forecast for each bank account and the capability to track
the full check cycle from when it is written till it is cashed or
canceled.For accurate item cost calculation and evaluation, the system provides a tool for financial management,
tracking, reporting and allocation of additional costs per shipment. Especially for imports where each
additional cost such as transportation, tariffs, storage, bonds...etc. can be allocated to different items in
the shipment, by a predefined set of criteria or by direct allocation per item.
Financial Statements
Full Banking & Checks ManagementImport & Item Cost Allocation Management
17
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Fully user-defined ease-to-use setup per bank account
for checks dimensions and available fields for any
available check format; in addition, to user-defined
HTML bank transfer forms. 
Featuring an unlimited number of account segments of
any size, with sub ledgers giving you the flexibility of
tracking transactions to the smallest detail. Clients
could tailor segmented accounts to cope with
management requirements, was it per department,
project, cost center, currency or other.Fully integrated with financial reports; providing detailed
depreciation schedules per asset or group of assets at
any period of time, facilitating management of assets,
new additions and discarding. In addition, to providing
detailed managerial reports for assets related expenses.
Multiple Segments/Cost CentersCheck Printing & Bank Transfer forms
Automatic Depreciation Calculations 
18
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
For accurate financial and managerial reporting
Bisan ERP provides automated calculation and
management for accrued and prepaid expenses
with an easy-to-use user-defined setup.
Full multi-currency management with user-defined
currencies and currency rates tracking; providing the
ability to use multiple currencies per voucher, with
automated currency conversion and currency
variance calculations vouchers. This allows the
management of as many currencies as needed,
keeping track of account balances, customer
statements and financial reports in the standard
currency, as well as any other defined currency.
Moreover, the system provides multi-currency
reporting and value translation for all available
reports.Prepaid & Accrued Expenses
Multi-Currency Management
19
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
The system provides a mini-CRM system with full
customer information, in addition to multi-level
grouping file structure for tracking and roll up
reporting to parent company level.
The system provides segments for categorizing
customers, to help extract data for sector types
or any required grouping desired for
managerial reporting and market analysis.
Price quotation sent to customers keeping track
of historical data and automatically integrated
with the sales process vouchers.Customers
Proforma InvoicesCustomer SegmentationSales & Marketing Management
20
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Full management and tracking for salespersons per sales
document; providing full sales analysis and reporting, in
addition, to commission calculations based on sales and
collection.Full integration and workflow between all sales vouchers
and proforma invoices, sales orders, store issue vouchers
and invoices. This simplifies processing, tracking quantities
and prices from one document to another, including partial
quantities; eliminating double data entry and providing full
traceability per item for accurate processing and control.
Multiple price lists with multiple currencies where each
customer or group of customers is assigned a price list. With
a multi-level file structure, the system provides the flexibility
to update all related price lists in one entry, as well as the
option to automatically update the defined prices for each
customer once a new sales invoice, manual invoice or sales
order is posted. In addition, to special deals and agreements
management; where each customer could be assigned a
special price list with a validity date per item.Price Management
Sales Force ManagementSales Voucher Integration
21
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Comprehensive analytical reporting for quantities and
values provided in multi-currencies, for cross period,
periodic, comparative reports per periods, sectors, item
groups, categories and areas; with detailed reports
including profit per item or customer at any period.
To facilitate accurate collection and evaluation
the system provides different invoice
settlement options.Analytical Sales Reports
Invoice Settlement
22
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
The system allows an unlimited number of warehouses
to be defined, with grouping options for multi branch
inventory management and evaluation.Full set of purchase vouchers (purchase orders, store
receipts, purchase invoices and purchase returns).
Vouchers in the workflow are linked together for easy
tracking and control. All transactions are fully
integrated with the GL and the budgeting module.
Suppliers could be grouped based on type of activity
and sector. Items could be assigned to suppliers for
ease of control and for comparing item prices from
different suppliers.SuppliersPurchase Cycle Workflow
Multiple Warehouse ManagementPurchases, Inventory &
Warehouse Management 
23
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
The system provides the ability to assign a bin number
or location per warehouse for each item with
maximum, minimum and reorder quantities to
facilitate locating items, managing available
quantities per shelf and ease of the inventory taking
process.
An innovative approach for multiple unit
management for items. Each defined item could
have more than one unit of measurement with
automatic conversion; simplifying data entry
transactions and providing comprehensive
reporting capabilities per any desired item unit.Automated real time First In, First Out (FIFO), by serial
number, standard or fixed ending inventory
evaluation by item at any desired time; taking into
account branches and warehouse grouping.Inventory & Location Management
Ending Inventory Evaluation
Multiple Unit Tracking Per Item
24
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Comprehensive analytical reporting for quantities and values;
providing deep data with multi-currency, cross-period,
periodic and comparative reports per periods, areas per item
or supplier.Full management for items sold by area or volume with unlimited
dimension options for the same item such as glass, stone and
marble, where the item is sold by count in different dimensions
while priced by area or volume, this option provides the ultimate
management tool for such items by tracking only one item unit
for data processing and providing summary reports by area or
volume and comprehensive reports with infinite combinations of
different dimensions per item.Full count and weight management where an item is sold or
purchased by unit of count, package or case, while priced
by weight where actual weight per unit varies. This provides
easy inventory sales and purchase processing, while
maintaining a high level of sales and inventory control.
Purchases reportsCount & Weight Item Management
Height, Width & Length Item Management
25
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
The system provides a multi-level segmentation and
grouping per item providing comprehensive purchases and
managerial reporting by quantities and values by items,
brands, categories, classifications...etc.Ability to assign part numbers and barcodes per item unit
for an enhanced inventory management system;
providing an easy user-defined label printing tool to print
item part numbers, serial numbers or batches as
barcodes. This feature is a practical cost-effective
solution.
Tracking of each item with the specific serial number or batch (shelf-
life expiry dates) for enhancing the management of items under
warranty, recalling items or track expiry dates for perishable items;
includes a complete set of reports. Keep track of each item
according to your preferences and procedure using fully
customizable alerts and notifications in the system.Barcode Management
Item Segmentation & Reporting
Serial Number, batch Lot & expiry date Tracking
BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
     
      
      
        
      
     
O M C . N A S I . B W W W       
      
       
      
  
       
    
      
     
       
 
         
       
         
      
      
       
      
      
       
      
            
      
      
      
   
      
       
     
     
      
  
      
     
      
    
        
      
         
      
       
     The Sales Budget module is seamlessly integrated with the 
sales  vouchers  providing  real  time  reporting  and  targets 
monitoring.
 Flexible Structure : Flexible sales budget structure based 
on  any  combination  of  defined  segments,item 
categories,customer  groups, 
  areas  or  sales  persons.  
Sales  budgets  could  be  configured  per  quantities 
and/or sales amounts.
Multi-year & 
 Period Budgets : The  system  allows  setting 
up multiple  year  sales  budgets  with  transactions  
and monitoring  across  fiscal  years.F urthermore,   the  
system  allows  creating  multiple  sales  budgets 
with  different  configuration  setup  per  period  for 
reporting.
Budget  Vouchers : Sales  budget  setup  transactions  
are  entered  through  special  budget  vouchers,keeping  
track  of  all  additions, 
  amendments  and  variations  on  
any  sales budget.
Flexible  Dates : A  flexible  time  span  for  each 
budget created; allowing budgets to be allocated
per  year, 
 quarter,  month,  or  a  range  of  days;  including 
non-consistent time intervals within the same budget.
Reporting : Various  reports,   including;   roll  up 
sales segments, budgeted vs actual sales.The Financial Budget module is seamlessly integrated with 
the GL, the purchasing vouchers and other modules 
providing real time reporting and budget control.
Multi-year & Period Budgets : The system allows setting 
up multiple year budgets with transaction and control 
across fiscal years. The system allows
creating multiple budgets per period for control 
purposes and reporting.
Flexible Structure : Flexible budget structure based on 
any combination of defined segments.
Budget Vouchers : Budget setup transactions are 
entered through special budget vouchers, keeping 
track of all additions, amendments and variations on 
any budget.
Flexible Dates & Controls : A flexible time span for each 
budget created; allowing budgets to be allocated per 
year, quarter, month, or a range of days; including on-
consistent time intervals within the same budget. 
Moreover, budgets could be defined as, controlled 
budgets not allowing users to exceed set amounts or 
uncontrolled budgets used for reporting purposes.
Reporting : Various numbers of reports, including: roll 
up accounts and segments, budgeted vs. actual 
expenditure, budget period matrix for expenses and 
revenues for every segment and every year.financial
 budgetsales budget26
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Large Dealership Branch Management
Workflow & Electronic
Transaction Approval 
A module to manage sales between PS/IL for large
corporations as classified with the Tax Authorities,
including an electronic file that is submitted to the
Tax Authorities.The system allows an unlimited number of
branches to be defined in the system, with
grouping options for branch management and
financial reporting.
To save time and ensure accuracy, the system offers
a multi-level electronic approval structure per
document. Thus, providing a paperless, fully tracked,
automated and audited transaction processing
based on your own set policies and procedures.27
BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
fixed assets management
Asset Purchase: Managed by conventional purchase vouchers eliminating double data entry and errors. 
Each fixed asset entered is automatically assigned a unique asset tag “serial number,” in addition to the
supplier serial number (if available), the asset tag could be printed as a barcode label directly from the
system and attached to the asset.
Locations: Flexible user-defined location structure that could track multiple geographic areas and buildings 
down to the room level.
Custody Management:  In addition, to asset tracking by location, assets could be managed by custody. Asset 
movement from location and/or custody are managed by serially numbered vouchers, keeping historical 
movements that could be easily tracked and audited at any point of time. User-friendly tools for automatic 
loading and bulk movement of assets from one location to another or to multiple locations 
Fixed Assets Count:  Special count vouchers with user-defined settings based on location or building are 
defined for asset count. Count vouchers are serially numbered keeping track of historical transactions. Data 
entry is flexible to use barcode scanners by scanning either the asset tags or the supplier’s serial numbers. 
Reporting contains assets per location, in addition, to comparing assets per location with counted assets.
Asset Disposal Management : Management of sold, donated, lost or used as spare parts of fixed assets with 
full related financial transactions.The Fixed Assets Management module is designed to manage the entire life-
cycle of fixed assets, including: purchase of assets, asset location and custody,
asset count, expired assets, assets retirement and sale of assets. It includes
multiple asset accounts, multiple depreciation accounts, and multiple
depreciation expense accounts. Assets are grouped by type, category,
classification or others. The module is fully integrated with items and
warehouse management. It provides automatic calculation and posting of
depreciation expenses which could be set periodically and provides full fixed
assets disposal management; in addition to detailed reporting.
W W W . B I S A N . C O M28
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Production Management
Theoretical (Standard) Production Formulas: 
Multiple theoretical production formulas can be
defined using the units and quantities of: finished
products, raw materials, hours of labor per
employees’ groups and percentages of allocated
direct cost.
Bill of Materials:  Raw materials needed for 
producing the required quantity of finished goods 
are calculated based on theoretical production 
formulas defined.Production Lines:  Multiple production lines can 
be defined for better planning of resources and
more accurate direct and indirect cost allocation. 
Employees Groups:  For easier planning and 
labor cost allocation, multiple labor groups can 
be defined where employees are assigned to 
different groups based on the type of labor 
required in production.Production Vouchers: Actual quantities of finished products 
produced, actual quantities of raw material and labor hours
per employee used in production.
Variance Calculations:  Detailed reports comparing both 
quantities and cost of raw material and labor hours as per 
theoretical formulas with actual raw material and labor hours 
consumed for actual finished products produced during any 
period.
Warehouse Integration: Production vouchers are fully 
integrated with warehouse and stock cards including
production floor and warehouse management.Flexible to support multiple production theoretical
formulas, to report variances on standard and actual
raw material and direct labor used in production,
besides, automatic allocation of direct and indirect
production costs and expenses; giving accurate
calculation of cost per produced unit.29
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Raw Material Variance Controls: User-defined 
variance percent allowed per raw material line
item used in production formula, controlling
mistakes in actual quantities of raw materials used
in production and data entry errors. 
Direct Cost Allocation:  The production module is 
fully integrated with the general ledger where all 
transactions on accounts defined as direct cost in 
the production formulas are allocated to production 
costing based on points and percentages as 
defined in the production formulas.
Indirect Cost Allocation:  All transactions on 
accounts defined in the GL as indirect expenses 
are allocated to production costing as a percent 
of direct material or direct labor as defined in the 
production formulas.Finished Goods Costing: Automatic calculation 
of cost per unit produced by allocating actual raw
materials used, direct labor (employees actual
hours used), and actual direct & indirect costs in
the period. 
Comprehensive Reports:  Produced quantities, raw 
material and labor required, actual raw material 
and labor consumed, quantities and cost variance 
calculations and finished goods costing per unit.30
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
        
        
          
        
        
              
        
         
        
                
              
     
         
    
        
       
           
          
         
     
          campaigns & loyalty
         
        
       Two configurable modules in one, a Campaigns module or a
Loyalty module, in which campaigns manage sales campaigns and
offers, as well as, customer’s points and balances.
Loyalty is points based module for customers for 
purchases depending on loyalty scheme defined.
Point redemption formula may be defined to be 
consumed as a payment option for products/services.
Loyalty and Campaign invoices may be customized to 
add and show loyalty points balances for each 
contact, item, group, classification, category etc.
Advanced filters to allow/deny contacts or invoices.
Loyalty reports include points aging, items sold on 
points, redemption amounts, points balance details 
and points per campaigns.Campaigns can all be entered in the generic format (buy 
2 get 1 free) versus the range format (first ten or last ten).
Both campaigns may be assigned by quantity or by 
invoice amount.
Each campaign may be assigned to a certain 
department, branch, area or currency.
Campaigns can be set to run in specific days and hours.
Campaigns may be assigned for a selected few of the 
contacts and users can create membership groups.
Campaigns reports include: campaign performance, 
bonus items per campaign and profit per campaign.31
BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.Payroll & Attendance
       
        
     
       
      
     
          
      
         
      
      
       
     
    
     
        
        
          
       
         
         
  
        
         
 
       
        
       
        
        
              
          
         
           
         
             
            
         
          
     The Payroll and Attendance module fully supports multiple countries Payroll
Deduction Regulations, income tax and other local tax regulations. It is
flexible to support different methods and formulas for calculating payroll,
allowances and deductions. A payroll form can be created to take into
account calculation method, payment period, payment type and the design
of printout pay slip for each group of employees. The system allows the user
to create and print payroll slips for each employee, and offers easy and
flexible treatment of employee advances and loans. Additionally, the system
can deal with attendance transactions either by import from the attendance
clock or through manual entry.
Employee File: Full name, employment type, ID
number, address, city, phone, fax, mobile, email, job 
title,education, gender, bank account, marital 
status,number of children, card number, general 
notes and employees’ start dates and end dates.
Payroll Calculations Variables: User-defined infinite 
number of variables that will be used in setting different 
payroll calculation formulas. This approach provides
a flexible powerful tool similar to building formulas in 
spreadsheets.
Salaries Calculations: The system provides different 
methods for salaries calculations, hourly rates, 
over time and attendance hours, multiple shifts and
fixed periodic salaries (daily, weekly, bi-weekly, 
monthly,quarterly, semi-annually and annually).
Deductions & Allowances: User-defined calculation 
methods
 for deductions and additions to salaries. The 
system is ready for implementing the SSC announced 
instructions and regulations.
W
 W W . B I S A N . C O MSalaries Yearly Increases Percent or Scale: Multiple 
methods for defining yearly salary increases per employee 
groups or individual employees as a fixed percent rate or 
based on defined scales, such as; a combination of grade
and step matrix.
Payroll Tax Forms: An automatically generated ready to 
submit detailed payroll tax form as required by the PNA 
tax authorities and complying with updated tax laws.
Pay Slips: Fully customizable pay-slips to include any 
information available in the employee file and any 
variable or calculation in the payroll. Different pay slips 
formats and information fields could be defined based on
employee
 groups and sub groups.32
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Employee Group: 
setup.
Working Schedule: The system allows assigning employees to different groups for time saving and easy 
Flexible planned working schedule per employee group including start and end time, 
breaks, handling of extra and shortage time from schedule. In addition to the option of including the break
within or subtracting it from the regular working hours. The working schedule is built in an easy logical flow
with the ability of assigning the whole year in a weekly format or handling specific calendar days. The
system provides the option of adding a rule where OUT actions are auto recorded in case there is an
unclosed day.
Attendance Rules: Multiple set of rules for handling attendance calculations such as maximum and 
minimum daily working hours, margins for early and late IN minutes, margins for early and late OUT minutes
. 
Vacations Schedule:  Setting employees vacations and providing detailed reports per employee in addition 
to vacation balance calculations.
Absence Types:  Defining an unlimited number of absence types such as delays/early leaves, annual vacation,
holidays, closures, illness, maternity...etc. with tracking and reporting on each type. The system enables different
ways of dealing with attendance delays/early departures such as reduction from vacation balance, deduction
from salary...etc.33
BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.Human Resources Management & HR Portal
       
        
       
       
      
      
       
       
          
       
        
         
        
        
      
        
      
    
     
      
     
       
              
      
      
        
         
          
       
   
         
          
              
      
          
         
         
         
         
O M C . N A S I . B W W WA full HR management module that includes the organization structure,
employee
 profile, absence management, and performance evaluation
in addition to a self-service portal. This module fully integrates with
and
 completes the Payroll & Attendance module. The HR administrator
is responsible for setting up the employee profiles and information
whereby each employee may access the module and perform needed
actions
 through a portal or directly through the system.
Organization Structure: A sub-module to identify how
the company is organized, what divisions it has, what
departments these divisions contain, and what are the
defined
 positions in these departments. Divisions may be
distributed horizontally (the common case) across the
organization hierarchy or through a vertical alignment.
The divisions and departments entities provide flexibility to
allow room for any future organization restructuring.
Salary Range: A salary range may be added to positions.
Thus, providing more control, where each employee
is directly assigned a position. The HR administrator
may define groups and link employees to these groups 
depending on the organization’s needs. The main defined
entities in this module are: division, department, position,
employee, position history, group and branch.
Employee Profile: A profile that captures all the
needed data of the employees, including basic
Information, dependents list, personnel, insurance,
education, certificates, previous work experience, in-
house experience, acquired training, and bank accounts
information.
 Salary information, history, allowances and
deductions are also defined. Once a profile is
deactivated, it can be reactivated in case of re-
employment.Absence
 Management: A submodule for leave
management, for vacations, holidays, and other leaves
such as annual, sick, educational, training, breastfeeding,
and others as defined per the organization’s policies. The
organization can set its own rules to check the eligibility
and scope of the vacation, as well as, designing a workflow
for approvals for certain leaves, thus enabling email
notification for vacation requests.
Employees may access the self-service portal to apply for 
leaves and to check their yearly vacation balance, as well
as, leave approvals or rejections.34
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
     
      
            
         
   
      
       
       
        
        
      
      
       
         
        
      
         
        
       
         
       
         
      
       
   
        
      
       
      
      
       
        
              
       
           
         
   
       
        
        
         
        
      
      
        
         
         
       
         
   Performance Evaluation: This module manages the 
performance evaluation across the organization as a whole,
it can be triggered to start or to end at any time
in the year whenever the organization sees it is suitable
for its business operations.
The performance evaluation is based on creating
evaluation templates for each division or department or 
group
 or specific position based on the organization’s 
needs. Defined parameters and KPIs are set for calculating 
evaluation range and statuses and may be linked to
salary
 raises for the next payroll cycle.
Achievements
 can be documented under three types;
reward, recognition or promotion. Also, notices can be 
recorded in the employee file as a notice or warning.
Managers may view all evaluations and their status for 
pending and completed ones through the self-service 
portal and may be edited until they are finally approved
by the designated approver.Recruitment : the system provides a complete
solution for the recruitment process. Once a vacancy 
position is defined and the recruitment stages are set, the 
user can track each applicant’s progress and the
status of each vacancy in a very robust manner, until 
reaching the conclusion of either deactivating the 
application or recruiting the applicant which creates a
comprehensive new employee file.
Self-service
 HR Portal : In order to have a functional 
HR module; an employee portal is essentially
needed. The portal enables the employees to view 
their information, and execute certain actions such 
as apply for a vacation, approve employee-related 
requests, and fill the performance evaluation form. It 
is a stand-alone product with a simple web interface
that connects directly to the HR module and Bisan 
ERP.35
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Online/Offline point of sale (POS)
         
     
       
     
        
       
        
     
       
             
        
          
          
      
      
       
        
       
                 
     
   
       
   
    
        
   
        
         
          
          
   
       
        
          
   
        
                
       
       
      
     A user-friendly Point of Sale module for retail and
cash
 sales, easy-to-use setup and management. It is
seamlessly fully integrated with the Bisan ERP Trade
and Industry Professional Edition utilizing all back-
office
 system features, reporting and modules.
Full set of related sales and collection reports including 
comparative hourly sales.
Item barcode scanning.
Supports multi-currency customer payments and change 
amounts.
Multi-currency item price lists.
Real time integration with warehouse and inventory 
management.
Supports defining a different warehouse for each P OS.
Supports defining a specific price list for each POS.
Access rights for each POS to define available item groups.
Supports adding order variations to items on PO S 
invoice/receipt.
Supports adding delivery charges and delivery 
instructions.
Supports holding invoices when holding items for 
customers.
Shifts start/end with a summary report of cash at shift end.
Handles sales returns.
User-friendly interface for adding customers and contact 
information for gathering a customers’ database.Online real time integration with back office with 
Internet connection.
Works offline when connection is lost.
Supports multiple POS stations.
Supports multiple price lists and station and customer 
price list definition.
Supports touch screens with catalog view and item 
grouping.
Supports campaigns offers and schemes by showing 
a list of all active campaigns for the designated 
period.
Quick access to define fast moving items.
One function key for printing POS invoices on slip 
printers, open cash drawer and post transactions.
Easy search and item lookup.
Cash and on account sales.
Supports to and from money transfers.
Full integration with peripherals: slip printers, cash 
drawer, barcode scanners and scales barcodes.
Direct impact on inventory with sales transactions.36
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
mobile sales application With Catalog View
                          
         
      
        
          
  
          
  
         
        
    
      
          
       
              
  
            
               
                 
 
         
                  
         
          
         
          
          A mobile sales application that is fully integrated with Bisan ERP
Trade & Industry providing a flexible and cost effective solution
for automation and management of the sales force in the field.
It allows distributors and suppliers to collect sales orders, sales
returns and collections. The module is set up on an Android
tablet or smartphone, and can be connected to a receipt slip
printer.
A complete ordering and van sales module, with an 
automatic check for items actually loaded on trucks and 
semi-automated van refill capabilities.
Real time tracking for sales orders, invoices, collections 
and inventory with prefix sequence of documents for 
each salesman.
Catalog view to organize items in groups and ease the 
ordering process.
Attach images for item groups, classification, brands 
and categories.Apply campaigns and offer loyalty discounts for 
customers..
User friendly and easy-to-use with three different views 
and the ability to increase the size of the item picture.
Barcode scanning through the camera of the tablet or 
mobile for placing orders.
Works both online and offline if the salesman is out of 
network connectivity to resume work without interruption. 
Once the connection is re-established all data is sent to 
Bisan ERP automatically.
Ability to  enter a comment per line item and all comments 
appear in Bisan ERP.37
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
         
        
      
      
         
        
          
      
      
           
                    
         
     
        
         
     
       
       
       
         
      
        
         
      
          
           
         
           
     All issued invoices for cash or credit  sales allow for  
bonuses and  discounts and are fully  integrated with  
inventory in Bisan ERP.
Giving a discount and/or bonus on sales invoices, 
which automatically is reflected  in Bisan ERP’s 
inventory.
All mobile  application vouchers such as invoices, 
orders and receipts are automatically  posted to Bisan  
ERP and are reflected  on the accounts directly  as soon 
as they are printed 
in the mobile application.
Reporting  showing activity logs for all sent  vouchers, 
saved vouchers, inventory balances, vouchers inputted 
while users  were working  offline  and have not  been 
transferred  to Bisan
ERP yet, a detailed report  of all returned items during a 
specific time frame, statements of
accounts and a  report for all cash or checks collected  
per user.Bluetooth connection to printers for printing sales 
orders, sales returns with return reason, receipt 
vouchers, manual receipts and statements of account.
Supports automatic synchronization by hiding out-of-
stock items in the warehouse for sale orders.
Ability to edit sales orders on Bisan ERP.
Each mobile application user preference is defined in 
Bisan ERP for setting the user language.
Multi-currency and check receipt vouchers are given 
automatic serial numbers in Bisan ERP
 once they are printed in the mobile application.38
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Leasing
            
       
    
       
         
          
    
         
              
     
        
         
         
      
       
        
        
        
      
                
      
      
        
        
        
        
   
         
       
      
   
       
      
        
    
       
                 
        The Leasing module is tailored and designed to be utilized for 
the functions of the automotive industry for contractual car 
leasing.
Additional information is added to the contact file to 
include monthly payment, bank account details, 
employer and length of employment.
Information about vehicle, vin number, color of vehicle, 
type, year of production, mileage,used or new, firsthand 
or secondhand and car registration date.
Defining two types of contracts: lease to buy, or lease 
with the option to buy at the end of the contract period.
Full contract information is defined to specify the 
purchase currency and price, commission approval 
date, date, and amount of first payment, the insurance, 
guarantor,registration, maintenance, add-on fees, 
down payment, acquisition payment and any loan 
information taken for the purpose of leasing.
An option to spread out the payment installments 
periodically: monthly, bi-monthly,quarterly, semi-
annually and annually.Two types of revenue calculations by defining 
percentages based on purchase amount or loan 
amount.
Defined security access rights to allow users to 
change payment amounts or dates.
Calculation is based on XIRR-format used for 
unearned revenue calculation and principal amount.
Ability to create leasing groups for issuing one 
invoice for multiple cars leasing.
Amortization calculations and payment totals 
reporting.
Ability to settle contracts for early closing.
Defining printing templates for leasing contracts, 
purchase invoices, registration and application 
forms.
Full reporting for pending payments, pending 
revenues and lease aging.39
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
    
       
     
       
   The Crushers & Ready-mix Industry requires a special
delivery note as per the nature of the operation.
Weight calculations are specific and accounted for,
along with extensive reporting:
  
  
   
    
     
           
         
     
       
   
        
      
    
        
     
    Management of Crushers
& Ready-Mix ProjectsFuel Station Management
Fuel
 Station operations require customized
features. This module offers a real time solution
that includes meters management, cash and
coupon sales, as well as, periodic invoicing for
full control of items:
Meter
 management.
Shift management.
Cash sale management.
Coupon and non-cash sale.
Periodic invoicing for non-cash sales.
Special reporting for station, meter, shift and item.Customized delivery format.
Truck and driver delivery costing per location/ quantity/
  type of item.
Ready-mix specification such as flow and greatest
  measurement.
Printing delivery in special format per industry
  (ready-mix, crushers or other).
Integration with electronic scales.
Net weight calculation based on each truck weight.
Periodic
 invoicing for each project.
Special reporting.40
O M C . N A S I . B W W W BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
      
     
      
     A module that manages the required service center
activities in the maintenance and repair industry:
      
                
           
  
   
     
            
      
          
      
        
       
      
        
   
       
     
      
         
       Service Center Car Rental
For car rental operations, special forms and
an agreement are generated from within
the system, as well as, extensive reporting
for the rented and available cars:
Full management for car rental operations.
Customized form for car rental agreement.
Customized printing for car rental agreement.
Extension agreements.
Car damage value.
Available
 cars on item lookup.
Send agreements to invoices.Creates installation work order to install sold equipment.
Work order ticket for maintenance request.
A detailed report for the employee’s time spent and
  inventory items consumed for repair and maintenance.
Track spare parts and accessories used in maintenance.
Tracking actions to detect work order status.
Integration with inventory management and invoicing.
Service contract management for warranty, lease and
  maintenance.
Group action to extend or deactivate contracts.
Preventive visits schedules and reports.
Management of metered devices maintenance.
Billing could be set upon meter minimum quantity and/
or minimum period.41
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
cybersecurity & Access Rights42
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Controls for assigning password strength
and requests to change it periodically.Users are organized in a tree fashion similar to that
of the company’s administrative tree, each user
can be assigned specific access rights on any
option, module and functionality in the system.
A feature that allows users to incorporate
verified third-party applications as a
login option to the ERP system.A two-factor authentication for additional
optional security that sends an SMS to the
mobile number defined in the user’s file. Users
should enter the code sent in SMS to verify
login and it can be defined to verify every login
or only when trying to log in from new stations.
Definable time schedules to permit users to log
in to the system at specific schedules or times.
password securityAccess Rights security
Third Party Login Options
login scheduleTwo-factor Authentication43
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
Permitting authorized users’ access in permissible
fields, sub-fields by defining criteria and rules per
voucher or record field providing a high level of
user access control.
User-defined set of controls for data entry security
and control, such as: maximum and minimum allowed
document dates from system date; per bank account
lock date for reconciled bank statements; data entries
lock date for last audited or reporting period. These
controls guarantee unintentional data entry that will
affect audited or submitted reports.User-defined document printing options allowing
or denying access to print and post vouchers.In addition to usernames and passwords, a
security option is defined for permitting
specific stations to access the system.
Assigning required signatures for approvals per
voucher based on criteria and rules for fields
such as voucher amount, branch, department
and/or supplier.control datesadvanced security
Document Printingstation login security
Electronic signatures44
W W W . B I S A N . C O M BISAN SYSTEMS LTD.a glimpse at our partners45

W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.pro vs. lite comparison
pro lite Features
General Ledger  
Account Receivable & Account Payable  
Multi lingual  
Multi Currency  
Multi Currency reporting & values Translation  
Sales  
Purchases  
Full banking & Checks Management  
Ending Inventory Calculations  
Depreciation automatic calculations  
Financial Statements  
VAT Settlement
Automatic Currency Variance
Drill Down Functionality  
Returns Reason Report  
Single Point of Entry  
Contact Language Preferences
Filtering Capabilities  
Reports Export to HTML Excel & Text  
Macro Recorder  
Multiple Year Reporting  
Access Rights security  
Station Login Security  
Password Security  
Control Dates  
Barcode Reading & Printing  
QR Code for location  vs. pro lite Features
Login Schedule  
Electronic Signature Setup  
Checks Reading  
Checks Printing  
Automatic Bank Reconciliation  
Customized Views  
Email Integration  
SMS Integration  
User Preferences  
Advanced Security  
Bank Transfer Forms  
Advanced Search Functionality  
Data & Report Import  
Multiple Segments/ Cost Centers  
Multi-level File Structure  
Prepaid & Accrued Expenses  
Customers Segmentation  
Multiple Sale & Purchase Price Lists  
Periodic Sales Reports
Item Segmentation & Reporting  
Auditor & Parent Company Codes  
Invoice Settlement  
Sector Specific Modules  
Project Management  
Multiple Unit Tracking Per Item  vs.
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
_
__
_46
W W W . B I S A N . C O MBISAN SYSTEMS LTD.
pro lite Additional modules  
Serial/ Batch Lot Tracking  
Financial Budgeting  
Fixed Assets Management  
Workflow & Electronic Transaction Approval  
Production Management  
Payroll  
HR Portal  
Sales Performa Invoice  
Online & Offline Point Of Sale  
Mobile Sales Application
Document Attachment  
Full Audit Trail  
Multi Branch Management  
Multi Company Consolidated Financial Report  
Number of Concurrent Users  vs.
____________
Multiple1__47